Add warning when viewport meta tag is added to _document.js (#13452)
vercel/next.js: errors/no-document-viewport-meta.md

# Viewport `meta` tags should not be used in `_document.js`'s `<Head>`

#### Why This Error Occurred

> Adding `<meta name="viewport" ...>` in `pages/_document.js` will lead to unexpected results since the viewport is handled by `next/head`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding `<meta name="viewport" ...>` in `pages/_document.js` will lead to unexpected results since it cannot be deduped.
The viewport tag should be handled by `next/head` in `pages/_app.js`.
```

#### Possible Ways to Fix It

Set your viewport `meta` tag in `pages/_app.js` instead:

```jsx
// pages/_app.js
import React from 'react'
import Head from 'next/head'

function MyApp({ Component, pageProps }) {
  return (
    <>
      <Head>
        <meta name="viewport" content="viewport-fit=cover" />
      </Head>
      <Component {...pageProps} />
    </>
  )
}

> // Only uncomment this method if you have blocking data requirements for
> // every single page in your application. This disables the ability to
> // perform automatic static optimization, causing every page in your app to
> // be server-side rendered.
> //
> // MyApp.getInitialProps = async (appContext) => {
> //   // calls page's `getInitialProps` and fills `appProps.pageProps`
> //   const appProps = await App.getInitialProps(appContext);
> //
> //   return { ...appProps }
> // }
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# Viewport `meta` tags should not be used in `_document.js`'s `<Head>`

#### Why This Error Occurred

Adding `<meta name="viewport" ...>` in `pages/_document.js` will lead to unexpected results since the viewport is handled by `next/head`.

#### Possible Ways to Fix It

Set your viewport `meta` tag in `pages/_app.js` instead:

```js
// pages/_app.js
import App from 'next/app'
import Head from 'next/head'
import React from 'react'

export default class MyApp extends App {
  static async getInitialProps({ Component, ctx }) {
    let pageProps = {}

    if (Component.getInitialProps) {
      pageProps = await Component.getInitialProps(ctx)
    }

    return { pageProps }
  }

  render() {
    const { Component, pageProps } = this.props

    return (
      <>
        <Head>
          <meta name="viewport" content="viewport-fit=cover" />
        </Head>
        <Component {...pageProps} />
      </>
    )
  }

> }

Reviewer: This needs to be updated to the modern custom app design:
https://nextjs.org/docs/advanced-features/custom-app
